c:\users\nicke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\bin\Debug\Battleship.exe.config
c:\users\nicke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nicke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Board\Field.baml
c:\users\nicke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Board\FieldView.baml
c:\users\nicke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\nicke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Board\Field.g.cs
c:\users\nicke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Board\FieldView.g.cs
c:\users\nicke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\nicke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\nicke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\nicke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.g.resources
c:\users\nicke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\nicke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nicke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\bin\Debug\Battleship.exe
c:\users\nicke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\bin\Debug\Battleship.pdb
c:\users\nicke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.exe
c:\users\nicke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship.pdb
c:\users\nicke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Ships\shipView.g.cs
c:\users\nicke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Battleship_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\nicke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\Ships\shipView.baml
c:\users\nicke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Battleship\Battleship\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
